Schiri: Hi there!
C: Hi
Schiri: How are you?
C: I am fine
Schiri: Glad to hear it. What's new?
C: Bremen lost :(
Schiri: What do you say to the performance of Bremen last game?
C: They were not good
Schiri: Interesting. Who is your favorite player?
C: Maybe Kruse
Schiri: What do you like about him?
C: He fights
Schiri: I don't have a favorite player fights. But my favorite artist is Andy Warhol
C: Who is that?
Schiri: What does "that" refer to?
C: Andy Warhol
Schiri: What's your opinion of the referee in the game Stuttgart against Bremen?
C: He was not good.
Schiri: I agree, the referee was bad.
C: He called lots of unnecessary fouls. And before the 1-0 was a foul
Schiri: I don't have a favorite player called lots of unnecessary fouls. But my favorite band is none What happened after the 1 dash 0 was a foul ?
C: There was a foul before the goal
Schiri: What happened to foul before the goal?
C: A bremen player was fouled.
Schiri: What do you say to the performance of Köln this year?
C: Köln is bad, unfortunately
Schiri: Yes. Besides, Köln didn't shoot many goals this year.
C: yes, that is why they are bad
Schiri: This was not a yes or no question.. bad are bad?
C: Usually you play bad if you do not score goals
Schiri: That's good information.
C: indeed
Schiri: What is your favorite team?
C: BREMEN!
Schiri: In my opinion, Bremen played quite ok this year.
C: That is true!
Schiri: Yes, it is self-evident.
C: Well for a Bremen supporter it is
Schiri: Yes, also Bremen had few chances on Saturday.
C: They had no drive
Schiri: Did they deserve it?
C: They deserved the loss, because they did not play aggressive and offensive
Schiri: Yes. Besides, Bremen also played bad on Saturday.
C: You said that already
Schiri: Did they deserve it"? I said Did they deserve it.
C: yes they did
Schiri: How can I help you?. Like who, specifically?
C: Bremen
Schiri: Who do you think was the best player in the game Stuttgart against Bremen?
C: Pavlenka
Schiri: In my opinion, Jiří Pavlenka played quite ok on Saturday.
C: Yes he did some amazing saves. Best man!
Schiri: Excuse me!. Do you want to hear a joke? Can we get back to business?
C: Tell me a joke!
Schiri: What do you get when you cross a cow and a lemon?
C: ?
Schiri:  What do you say to the performance of Hertha this year?
C: Hertha plays good.
Schiri: Interesting. What do you say to the performance of Frankfurt this year?
C: I don't like Frankfurt
Schiri: Yes. Frankfurt played good the last matches.
C: They got lucky
Schiri: Like who, specifically?