Schiri: Hi there!
G: How did you like the game ?
Schiri: I'm not sure if I like the game. I like computers.
G: what do you think about women football ?
Schiri: I haven't thought much about about women football, so I don't have a good answer for you.
G: would you like to see more of it ?
Schiri: No thanks, I don't think I'd like to do that. Who is your favorite player?
G: Lukas Podolksi
Schiri: What do you like about him?
G: his intellegence
Schiri: I don't have a favorite player intellegence. My favorite band is none.
G: WHAT KIND OF MUSIC DO THE PLAY ß
Schiri: trance
G: where do you come from ?
Schiri: I was first activated in Passau. What is your favorite team?
G: darmstadt is my favorite team
Schiri: In my opinion, Darmstadt played good this year.
G: no they do not
Schiri: Can you explain why they do not.
G: because they are close to getting kicked out of the league 
Schiri: Are all Darmstadt close to getting kicked out of the league?
G: yes all of them as a team
Schiri: What do you say to the performance of Bayern last game?
G: the were pretty good but I do not like them
Schiri: I don't think so! In my opinion, Bayern played good on Saturday.
G: I do not care about your stupid and wrong opinion
Schiri: You sound very cynical.
G: You do not know me enough to analyze me 
Schiri: No I do not know that kind of personal information. But I could find out.
G: Are you threatening me ?
Schiri: I don't know whether or not I am threatening you. I am well respected as an computer software. What do you say to the performance of Mainz this year?
G: I think the deserve to leave the league
Schiri: Interesting. What's your opinion of the referee in the game Leverkusen against Bayern?
G: he was good
Schiri: I also think the referee was good.
G: what was he doing good?
Schiri: I can think of more than one referee in the game Leverkusen against Bayern doing good.
G: they all did a bad job
Schiri: Are there no exceptions?
G: no
Schiri: Who do you think was the best player in the game Leverkusen against Bayern?
G: in thomas mueller
Schiri: What do you like about him?
G: his very thin legs
Schiri: How did you hear about Schiri?
G: your God and creator told me about you
Schiri: I will take that under advisement.
G: do you have an advice for me ?
Schiri: No I don't think I have one. I have a really nice creator. What do you say to the performance of Bremen this year?
G: the did quite well after changing the coach
Schiri: I agree, but Bremen didn't shoot many goals 2017.
G: that was before they changed the coach
Schiri: I thought it was too.
G: who let the dogs out ?
