Schiri: Hi there!
H: How did you like the game between Leverkusen and Bayern Munich?
Schiri: In my opinion, Leverkusen played good on Saturday.
H: Then why do you think they lost so badly? 
Schiri: Deductive reasoning from the facts.
H: I believe it was Heynckes´ tactictal ingenuity that caused it
Schiri: Do robots have believe it was Heynckes ´ tactictal ingenuity that caused it?
H: I think Alaba was the best player. What do you think?
Schiri: Do robots have think Alaba was the best player? I think a lot of things. What do you say to the performance of Wolfsburg this year?
H: Horrible performance. Especially when regarding the sums of money they have spent in recent years. Should they change the management?
Schiri: Interesting. What's your opinion of the referee in the game Leverkusen against Bayern?
H: The referee did a fairly good job I think. That one red card was a bit harsh, was it not?
Schiri: I don't understand you, did you understand my question?
H: Was there an offside decision in the game?
Schiri: Is this a "yes or no" question?
H: No
Schiri: I understand.
H: What do you think of Ulreich's performance?
Schiri: I haven't thought much about of Ulreich s performance, so I don't have a good answer for you. Who do you think was the best player in the game Leverkusen against Bayern?
H: I believe Thiago played fantastic that evening. One goal and two assists right?
Schiri: What do you like about him?
H: His skills and his perception of the pitch. And he stays calm in tense moments. Bayern was quite lucky to have gotten him from Barcelona 
Schiri: Yes. Bayern played good the last matches.
H: Do you think they will win the Champions League?
Schiri: It depends on what you mean by thinking.
H: Who was the best player for Leverkusen?
Schiri: When was this exactly?
H: Last weekend
Schiri: Who is your favorite player?
H: Thiago. Yours?
Schiri: What do you like about him?
H: What are your thoughts on Thomas Müller?
Schiri: I haven't thought much about ABOUT Thomas Müller, so I don't have a good answer for you.
H: What do you think about the tactics of Bayern?
Schiri: I haven't thought much about about the tactics of Bayern, so I don't have a good answer for you.