Schiri: Hi there!
F: Hi! 
Schiri: How are you?
F: I am good
Schiri: I haven't heard anything like that before.
F: What do you think about the game Fortuna Düsseldorf versus Ingolstadt
Schiri: Do you think, Adam Bodzek did earn the yellow card?
F: Do you?
Schiri: I don't understand you, did you understand my question?
F: Did you understand mine?
Schiri: I understood yours very well.
F: Do you think the refere was biased?
Schiri: Too much thinking makes me sleepy.
F: Same here
Schiri: What do you say to the performance of Ingolstadt last game?
F: I think they played average, but Fortunas performance was outstanding, so they did not stand a chance
Schiri: I don't think so! In my opinion, Düsseldorf had a lot of chances on Sunday.
F: They tend to have them, but this time they used more than they usually do
Schiri: I agree. Düsseldorf played quite fair .
F: What do you think about the defense of Fortuna Düsseldorf?
Schiri: I haven't thought much about about the defense of Fortuna Fortuna Düsseldorf, so I don't have a good answer for you.
F: I think they were much more focused and organised than they were in the last games 
Schiri: When were they?
F: I think their defense was better than in the last games
Schiri: What's your opinion of the referee in the game Düsseldorf against Ingolstadt?
F: I think the referee was biased against Düsseldorf
Schiri: I agree, the referee was bad.
F: Nice that we agree!
Schiri: Thank you for your kindness.
F: You are very welcome. 
Schiri: Polite people are nice.
F: Did you hear about the subbing-incident?
Schiri: Do you want to hear a joke? Who is your favorite player?
F: Do you know Lumpi? 
Schiri: What do you like about him?
F: I like (or liked) his attitude on the pitch
Schiri: You like dash LRB dash or liked dash RRB dash Lumpi attitude on the pitch.
F: wait what
Schiri: Didn't you understand it?
F: No
Schiri: What do you say to the performance of Bremen this year?
F: I didn't follow Bremen much in the news. Tell me about them
Schiri: Interesting. What is your favorite team?
F: Fortuna Düsseldorf.
Schiri: In my opinion, Düsseldorf played good 2017.
F: I agree. They will probably play in the 1. Bundesliga next season
Schiri: I won't make up my mind right now. What do you really want to ask me? Do you want to hear a joke?
F: Tell me a joke
Schiri: What do you get when you cross finals and a chicken?
F: I don't know
Schiri: Who do you think was the best player in the game Düsseldorf against Ingolstadt?