Schiri: Hi there!
B: Hi Thera. how are you?
Schiri: How are you?. What is your sign?. I'm doing fine thanks how are you?
B: I don't understand what you mean with sign. But i am fine
Schiri: I haven't heard anything like that before. Glad to hear it. What's new?
B: I am very happy that Bayern Munich is this years football champion in germany
Schiri: I agree. Bayern played very fair on Saturday.
B: I didn't catch the Game can you give me a short summary of it?
Schiri: When? I think n t catch the Game can me give you a short summary of the Game is a lot of things.
B: Can we talk about the Game between Bayern Munich and Hertha BSC
Schiri: Do you mean you and me? Sure I can talk about the Game between Bayern Bayern Munich and Hertha BSC. the Game between Bayern Bayern Munich and Hertha BSC is quite an interesting topic.
B: How many Goals were scored in the game?
Schiri: Not as many as you might think. What's your opinion of the referee in the game Bayern against Hertha?
B: He was ok i think
Schiri: I don't understand you, did you understand my question?
B: yes.
Schiri: Yay.
B: i was very disappointed of the offense from bayern and from Hertha
Schiri: That's right. Besides, Hertha had some chances .
B: Really? I think they only Stood in their half of the field and almost never has offensive plays
Schiri: Whoa. Can you remember any time that Hertha BSC only Stood in Hertha BSC half of the field and almost did it?
B: No beacause they were always defending a did not even try to score a goal. They only tried to keep bayern from scoring a goal
Schiri: Give me a break.. Can you think of one instance where it never happens? Like who, specifically?
B: The goalkeeper from Hertha was the only player how did a good job
Schiri: I don't think so! In my opinion, Hertha played bad .
B: But don't you hink the result hustified their style of play?
Schiri: You have reached the limits of my knowledge. <br/> Can you please rephrase that with fewer ideas, or different thoughts?
B: I think Hertha played good beacause it is not easy to prevent bayern from scoring goals
Schiri: Yes. Besides, Hertha played bad .
B: Why do you think that hertha plays bad
Schiri: Deductive reasoning from the facts.
B: I think Bayern played bad
Schiri: I don't think so! In my opinion, Bayern played good .
B: But Bayern did not score any goals despite the fact, that Hertah did not preassure them 
Schiri: Saying that "Bayern did not score any goals despite the fact that Hertah did not preassure any goals" is such anonsensical position that I refuse to waste my time on it