Alvaro Morata made his first appearance for Chelsea as they continued their pre-season preparations with a 3-2 defeat to Bayern Munich in the International Champions Cup on Tuesday.

Bayern raced into a three-goal lead in Singapore, opening the scoring through Rafinha's long-range strike after only six minutes.

That advantage was soon doubled by Thomas Muller's volley and Bayern's captain further increased their advantage with a wonderful solo effort just before the half-hour mark.

However, the Blues responded through Marcos Alonso's thumping drive in first-half stoppage time, although Michy Batshuayi's 85th-minute goal proved too little, too late.

Bayern made a fast start to the contest, clearly stung by the drubbing they suffered at the hands of AC Milan in their last outing in the tournament.

Carlo Ancelotti's team were soon in front when Rafinha picked up possession of the ball some 30 yards out, before the Brazil international strode forward and beat Thibaut Courtois with a low shot into the corner of the net.

Before the Blues could catch their breath, Bayern had doubled their lead as James Rodriguez - starting out wide on the right - picked out Franck Ribery on the opposite flank.

The winger's quick feet then saw him get free to the byline, and his inch-perfect chip to the far post was volleyed home by the unmarked Muller.

The rejuvenated Muller scored his second after 27 minutes, starting a run inside his own half before beating the helpless Courtois with a curling effort from just outside the area.

After a pre-arranged water break, Conte made a tactical tweak and got his players to take a more direct approach with positive consequences as his side began to gain a foothold in proceedings.

However, the goal that got the Blues back into the contest owed nothing to that and everything to a lovely move involving Willian, whose clever dummy released Victor Moses down the right wing.

And when the wing back's pull back reached Alonso on the opposite wing, the Spaniard launched an unstoppable drive into the top right-hand corner of the net.

The second half was predictably interrupted by a succession of substitutions, one of which saw the introduction of Chelsea's new £70m signing Morata.

But given just 27 minutes to impress, the Spaniard was unable to make the dream debut, although Batshuayi continued his impressive pre-season form by scoring a late consolation for Chelsea.

Man of the Match: Franck Ribery

The diminutive winger was back to his best in the heat and humidity of Singapore, reminding everyone of his vast array of skills.

In particular, the Frenchman's close control and dazzling feet in the lead-up to Bayern's second goal were a joy to watch.