FC Bayern advanced to the DFB Cup Round of 16 on Wednesday night, beating RB Leipzig 5-4 on penalties following a 1-1 draw after 90 and 120 minutes. Leipzig's Naby Keita was sent off shortly after the interval, but Emil Forsberg put the hosts in front with a penalty. Thiago's equaliser sent the game into extra-time, and with no further goals to come Bayern prevailed on penalties as Leipzig's Timo Werner was the only player not to convert from the spot.

The Bavarians started with Sven Ulreich in goal and Joshua Kimmich, Mats Hummels, Jérôme Boateng and David Alaba in a back four. Corentin Tolisso and Arturo Vidal featured in a twin holding role behind wingers Arjen Robben, who wore the armband, and Kingsley Coman. Thiago featured in the playmaking role, with Lewandowski acting as lone striker.

Jupp Heynckes made three changes to the XI that saw off Hamburg on Saturday, Kimmich, Boateng and Thiago taking over from Rafinha, Niklas Süle and James.

Few first-half chances

The 42,558 capacity crowd at the Red Bull Arena saw an enthralling battle of wits that was short on chances, with the home side expending lots of energy on pressing high up the field. Robben miscued a cross before Leipzig's Forsberg drew a fine save from Ulreich following a mazy dribble.

Jean-Kévin Augustin soon forced Ulreich to make a second crucial intervention before Forsberg's free-kick, which was originally deemed a penalty before match official Felix Zwayer asked his assistants and revised his decision, shaved the bar. Lewandowski miscued a header before Tolisso warmed Peter Gulácsi's gloves.

One dismissal, two goals

After the restart Bayern had to thank Boateng, who made a strong tackle to thwart Augustin. The home side soon went a man down, Naby Keita pulling down Lewandowski and Zwayer dismissing the Leipzig midfielder for a second bookable offence. Sebastian Rudy and Javi Martínez now came on for Vidal and Coman.

The Bavarians upped the pace against their decimated opponents, a Lewandowski effort going just wide after Tolisso gained possession in Leipzig's half, but the visitors were in for a shock as Zwayer awarded a debatable penalty for a contact between Yussuf Poulsen and Boateng in Bayern's box, Forsberg netting from the spot.

The German record champions replied almost immediately, Boateng spraying a deadly through-ball, inviting the galloping Thiago to head home. A Thiago volley called Gulácsi into action before Tolisso gave way to Rafinha. Kimmich miscued a header, and Gulácsi's save from Lewandowski meant the match went into extra time.

Gulácsi shines but Ulreich has the last word

Gulácsi performed miracles to keep his team in the game now, saving a Thiago effort and Kimmich's rebound, both from close range. Heynckes played his final card, Kwasi Okyere Wriedt coming on for Thiago before Gulácsi shone again, clawing away a Lewandowski effort.

Lewandowski then failed to get a a header on target before Leipzig's Timo Werner was caught offside and saw another effort go wide. The goalless extra-time had the name of Peter Gulácsi stamped all over it as a dramatic cup encounter went to penalties.

Lewandowski, Alaba, Hummels, Rudy and Robben all scored for Bayern, whereas Ulreich shone by saving from Werner and sending his side into the Round of 16.

Bayern and Leipzig face off again in just three days, this time at the Allianz Arena and in the Bundesliga, and as thrilling as Wednesday night may have been, the Bayern faithful will surely wish for a more clear-cut victory. The Bavarians will learn the identity of their next cup opponents on Sunday night.