Manchester City put in an impressive second-half performance to breeze past Real Madrid 4-1 in the International Champions Cup in Los Angeles early on Thursday morning.

Nicolas Otamendi gave City the lead (52) from close range in a game full of chances, before Raheem Sterling doubled their lead with a low finish from Kevin De Bruyne's pass (59).

John Stones added a third (66) as Man City turned on the style in LA, before substitute Brahim Diaz made it 4-0 with a superb strike (81).

Arnaiz Oscar scored with a fine 30-yard effort (90), the goal of the game, but it was only a consolation for the European champions.

Pep Guardiola handed new signing Danilo his Manchester City debut against his former club, while Gareth Bale and Karim Benzema started for Real Madrid at the Coliseum.

The first half was a tale of two goalkeepers, with Ederson making the first save of note by tipping away Isco's curling effort from just outside the box.

Keylor Navas then denied Gabriel Jesus with his feet on 25 minutes, and the Real stopper pulled off another world-class stop from point-blank range as Sergio Aguero found acres of space in the penalty area.

Real then hit the post through Casemiro with a back-post header from Isco's cross, before Benzema's effort from an angle was turned away by Ederson again.

City improved in the second half and went ahead seven minutes after the restart through Otamendi, who reacted fastest at the back post to convert from close range after Stones' header was saved by Kiko Casilla.

It was 2-0 just seven minutes later through half-time substitute Sterling, finishing past Casilla after fine work by De Bruyne on the right channel to play him through on goal.

De Bruyne was the architect once again for the third, picking out Stones with a low ball from a short corner for the defender to sweep home with a fine finish from 12 yards.

Sub Leroy Sane nearly made it four, hitting the post from an acute angle, but 17-year-old Diaz did, finding the top left-hand corner with a fine strike after being fed by Patrick Roberts.

Real youngster Oscar scored a superb consolation, picking the ball up 30 yards out before hitting an unstoppable drive into the top corner with the last kick of the game.

Man of the match - Kevin De Bruyne

Setting up two of City's four goals, De Bruyne looked in top gear with another two-and-a-half weeks until the start of the season.

De Bruyne hardly put a foot wrong for City in his 69 minutes on the pitch, opening up the Real defence with several perfectly-timed through balls, while his off-the-ball movement stretched the European champions in the second half.

He was unlucky not to get on the scoresheet himself, hitting the post with a brilliant free-kick, but the Belgian's all-round game was magnificent.