Manchester City produced a dominant performance as they beat Tottenham 3-0 in the International Champions Cup in Nashville on Saturday.

John Stones headed in the opener after 10 minutes for City, who should have been out of sight before the break as they created a string of chances, with Gabriel Jesus missing an open goal late in the half.

Sergio Aguero struck the post twice in the second half before Raheem Sterling finally extended City's lead in the 72nd minute.

Brahim Diaz added a third in injury-time to cap off an impressive all-round display from Pep Guardiola's side.

After beating Real Madrid 4-1 in their last outing, this was another slick showing from City as they sliced Spurs apart with apparent ease and regularity.

Kyle Walker was influential for City in the first half after his summer switch from White Hart Lane, as was Danilo down the left flank, with Spurs leaving spaces aplenty for the full-backs to run into and creating few opportunities of their own at the other end.

With both teams naming strong starting line-ups, Spurs did fashion the first chance when Kieran Trippier's cross went over Harry Kane and fell for Dele Alli, but Ederson was out sharply to block his shot.

From then on City dominated the first half, sweeping forward and creating numerous chances to score after Stones headed in from a deflected free-kick in the 10th minute.

Kevin De Bruyne and Jesus shot at Hugo Lloris while Danilo curled an effort over.

Spurs struggled to get out of their own half and only managed to test Ederson with a free-kick from Christian Eriksen that was tipped over.

City continued to work the ball around quickly and Lloris saved brilliantly from Danilo towards the end of the half.

Kane spurned a chance to level when he shot over after being slid through on goal, but Jesus should have made it 2-0 with almost the last kick of the half when he miscued from De Bruyne's pass across the face of goal.

Aguero was introduced in the second half and he also proved wasteful in front of goal, striking the base of the post and then hitting the woodwork again after cutting inside Toby Alderweireld in the box.

Eventually City did extend their advantage as Samir Nasri split the Spurs defence and Sterling finished with a scuffed shot.

Spurs threatened late in the game, with Eriksen denied by substitute keeper Arijanet Muric, but it was City who had the final say in injury-time as Diaz finished from close range.