Harry Kane scored twice as Tottenham brushed aside their Wembley curse and opened their Champions League group campaign with a 3-1 victory over Borussia Dortmund.

The England striker finished off the second of two swift counter-attacks in the first half, firing home at the near post in similar fashion to Heung-Min Son's opener after just four minutes.

Andriy Yarmolenko had equalised in a first half dominated by the Bundesliga side, who had two goals ruled out for offside in the game - one for Christian Pulisic and the other for Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang.

But Kane put the game beyond them on 60 minutes when he finished off a neat move that involved Christian Eriksen and Ben Davies, before Spurs finished the game with 10 men following Jan Vertonghen's second bookable offence.

Tottenham were poor in Europe at Wembley last season, winning just one of their Champions League group games, and they appeared off the pace again despite Son scoring inside four minutes.

The South Korean was put through by Kane down the left-hand side and beat Roman Burki from an acute angle inside the near post.

Dortmund were unfazed and looked dangerous throughout, with summer signing Yarmolenko curling home an equaliser seven minutes later following a neat one-two with Shinji Kagawa.

Kane barraged his way past two Dortmund defenders to smash his side back in front, but the Bundesliga side had further chances through the lively Pulisic, who had a goal ruled out for offside on the stroke of half-time.

Dortmund had the ball in the net again on 57 minutes and had cause to complain when Aubameyang's crisp volley was incorrectly ruled chalked off.

But Spurs looked more in control in the second half and Christian Eriksen grew into the game, setting up Kane on the hour-mark with his 20th assist of 2017.

Hugo Lloris was forced to make an excellent save to deny Aubameyang from close range late on before Vertonghen picked up a second yellow in stoppage time for catching substitute Mario Gotze in the face with a flailing arm.