John Stones scored twice as Manchester City kicked off their Champions League campaign with a resounding 4-0 win over Feyenoord on Wednesday night.

Stones made the breakthrough with an early header, before adding a fourth for City with another header just past the hour mark.

In between there were further goals before half-time from Sergio Aguero - his 50th in European competition - and Gabriel Jesus as the visitors recorded their biggest-ever away win in the competition.

City made a rampant start to proceedings, opening the scoring after just one minute and 35 seconds to quieten down a rocking De Kuip, watching Champions League football for the first time in 15 years.

The Eredivisie champions fell asleep as David Silva and Kevin De Bruyne worked a corner short, with the Spaniard's cross into the six-yard box being met by Stones.

However, Tonny Vilhena made a complete hash of clearing the defender's header on the goal-line, somehow allowing the ball to bobble between his legs and into the back of the net.

The visitors then doubled their lead after just 10 minutes as Bernardo Silva released the rampaging Kyle Walker down the right and the full-back's cross was tucked home at the near post by Aguero for his 28th goal in the competition.

Aguero's strike partner, Gabriel Jesus, was making his first appearance in the Champions League and the Brazilian made it a debut to remember by adding a third after 25 minutes.

Feyenoord may have thought the danger was over when they cleared David Silva's right-wing corner, only for the ball to fall nicely to the unmarked Aguero on the edge of the area.

The Argentine's shot was initially blocked, before Benjamin Mendy's fiercely driven effort fell straight at the feet of the unmarked Jesus, who had the simple task of rolling the ball into the unguarded goal despite Feyenoord calls for offside.

And Stones rounded off the scoring on 63 minutes after David Silva and De Bruyne again worked a corner short, before the Belgian's centre was powered home from six yards out by the England centre-back.