Manchester United opened their Champions League campaign with a comfortable 3-0 victory over Basel at Old Trafford on Tuesday evening.

United, who returned to Europe's elite club competition after a one-year absence after winning the Europa League last season, lost Paul Pogba to injury in the first half but his replacement, Marouane Fellaini, made an instant impact, opening the scoring in the 35th minute.

Romelu Lukaku extended the hosts' advantage in the 53rd minute before substitute Marcus Rashford made the points safe on what was a comfortable night for Jose Mourinho's side.

Pogba was handed the captain's armband by Mourinho but his night was cut short in the 19th minute with the Frenchman picking up what looked like a hamstring injury.

Fellaini replaced him and United almost took the lead minutes later when Lukaku drove to the byline before picking out Henrikh Mkhitaryan, whose shot rebounded off the post.

United eventually took the lead in the 35th minute and it was substitute Fellaini who broke the deadlock, heading Ashley Young's inch-perfect cross past goalkeeper Tomas Vaclik from close range to score the 50th goal of his club career in England.

The hosts extended their lead straight after the break and it was another cross that caused the problems at the heart of the Basel defence. Daley Blind picked out Lukaku from the left, and the Belgium international used his strength to get on the end of it, heading the ball past a helpless Vaclik to score for the seventh European appearance in succession .

Minutes later, United almost made it three but this time Vaclik stood tall to palm Lukaku's header to safety before David De Gea pulled of a brilliant stop of his own to deny Mohamed Elyounoussi.

But it was Mourinho's side that extended their lead when Rashford, who replaced Juan Mata, converted Fellaini's cross in the 84th minute to score on his Champions League debut and complete an easy night's work for United, who went top of Group A on goal difference after CSKA Moscow's 2-1 win at Benfica.