A first Emirates goal from Alexandre Lacazette was cancelled out by a sensational second-half strike from Steven N'Zonzi to condemn Arsenal to a 2-1 defeat against Sevilla in the Emirates Cup.

Sevilla took the lead just after half-time as Joaquin Correa latched onto Wissam Ben Yedder's clever reverse ball and calmly slotted the ball past Petr Cech inside the area.

But Arsenal equalised on the hour mark through Alexandre Lacazette who was on hand to tap the ball into an empty net after Danny Welbeck had miscued from Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain's pull-back.

However, with 20 minutes remaining N'Zonzi scored a wonderful curling effort from outside the area on his weaker left foot to hand the visitors an impressive victory.

Following an enterprising start from both teams it was Sevilla who had the first major opportunity through Ben Yedder who hit the post after being put through on goal by a defence-splitting through ball from the majestic Ever Banega.

Arsenal responded by creating a clear opening for themselves but unfortunately for them the chance fell to Hector Bellerin and the Spanish full-back blazed the ball well over from Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain's cross.

After enjoying the clearer chances in the first half, Sevilla seized the initiative shortly after the break as Correa ghosted into the box and slid the ball past Cech at his near post following some neat interplay with Ben Yedder on the edge of the box.

The hosts drew level just past the hour mark through Lacazette who was in the right place at the right time to tap the ball into an unguarded net after the ball ricocheted into his path from a wayward Welbeck flick following good work by Oxlade-Chamberlain down the right wing.

Just eight minutes later, though Sevilla regained the lead through another Frenchman as N'Zonzi nonchalantly swept a shot over the despairing Cech and into the top corner.

Courtesy of scoring five against Benfica in their first game, Arsenal held on to lift the Emirates Cup but Arsene Wenger will be concerned about the manner of the defeat as well as the fitness of Lacazette after the Frenchman hobbled off late on.