The record goes on – Werder beat SC Freiburg 3-2 in the DFB-Pokal round of 16 to make it 37 cup tie wins in a row at the Weserstadion. The Green-Whites made a fast start once again. Ishak Belfodil (3’) and Florian Kainz (20’) set Werder on course for victory. The celebrations about doubling the lead were only short however. Just before the half-hour mark, former Green-White Nils Petersen slotted home a penalty to bring Freiburg back into the game (28’). After the break, it seemed like Philipp Bargfrede’s controversial goal had settled the game but Ravet’s strike in the closing stages (87’) ensured a nervy finish. SVW held on for an early Christmas present and move into the quarter finals of the DFB-Pokal. The draw will be made on 7th January 2018, with the quarter-final ties to take place on 6th and 7th February.

Line-up and formation: In the second Wednesday game in two weeks, Florian Kohfeldt welcomed striker Max Kruse back into the Werder squad. Our top scorer this season was amongst the substitutes. 10 of the eleven men who started against Mainz 05 kept their starting positions. Theodor Gebre Selassie slipped back in at right-back with Augustinsson, captain Moisander and Veljkovic making up the rest of the back four. Robert Bauer dropped to the bench, with Jerome Gondorf given a starting berth for the first time since the middle of September. He started in midfield alongside the regular trio of Bargfrede, Delaney and Eggestein. The two up top were Florian Kainz and Ishak Belfodil.

3rd minute: GOAAAL for Werder, 1-0, Ishak Belfodil! Another great start at the Weserstadion! Belfodil nicks the ball off of a Freiburg defender and plays it to Gondorf. The returnee to the starting XI plays the ball back into the path of the Algerian who lifts his head up and from the edge of the area, plants the ball past the keeper into the far corner.

20th minute: GOAAAAALL for Werder, 2-0, Florian Kainz! Gondorf initiates the move once again. Werder’s number eight plays the ball with the outside of his boot to Kainz who drives towards goal. The Austrian leaves Freiburg’s Lukas Kübler trailing in his wake and finishes at the near post. It’s Kainz’s first goal of the season. The 2-0 lead is fully deserved!

28th minute: Goal for Freiburg. Nils Petersen scores from the penalty spot. From nothing and without having many goalscoring chances, the visitors get back into the game. Bargfrede and Veljkovic both lunge in in the penalty area to try and block Ravet’s shot. They make contact with the Freiburg attacker however and referee Winkmann points to the spot. Petersen sends Pavlenka the wrong way to score his seventh goal in ten days.

45th minute: Half-time at the Weserstadion. Just as in the Mainz game, SVW got off to an explosive start. The goals came at a similar time to on Saturday as well. After the penalty from ex-Green-White Nils Petersen however, the cup tie is nowhere near over.

62nd minute: The second ball from a corner lands at the feet of Philipp Bargfrede who shoots from distance. Moisander deflects the ball from inside the six-yard box but Schwolow reacts quickly to save.

68th minute: Brilliant defensive work from Gebre Selassie. Ravet plays a ball into the path of Terrazzino who is through on goal but Werder’s right-back gets back to cover and nicks the ball off of the attacker.

69th minute: GOAAAALLL for Werder, 3-1, Philipp Bargfrede! Koch gives the ball away to Bargfrede. His touch lands at the feet of Gondorf who is standing in an offside position. The linesman raises his flag but because Gondorf doesn’t touch the ball and instead leaves it for Bargfrede, he lowers his flag. Bargfrede slams the ball into the net in a similar fashion to Belfodil’s opener. The Freiburg players surround Winkmann and his assistant but the goal stands. Reminder – VAR is only in place in the DFB-Pokal from the quarter finals onwards.

87th minute: Goal for Freiburg, 3-2, Yoric Ravet. Ravet gives Freiburg a lifeline when the game looked over and done with. The Frenchman is played in by Haberer and leaves Pavlenka no chance from ten yards.

90th minute: Werder have got the jitters once again. Kübler has the chance to shoot from a Freiburg corner but Moisander blocks it and the Green-Whites get it clear.

94th minute: Full-time at the Weserstadion. Werder win 3-2 against SC Freiburg!

Summary: SV Werder deservedly reach the quarter finals of the DFB-Pokal after a convincing display for most of the game. The Green-Whites made a fast start once again just as in the Mainz game and did not crumble in the second half this time to seal their place in the hat for the next round. Even in the final minutes when Ravet’s goal had made it 3-2, Werder with held SCF’s pressure and ended the year on a high. After a short Christmas break for Florian Kohfeldt’s side, the boys get back to business on 1st January with a training camp in Spain.