FC Bayern advanced to the DFB Cup quarter-finals on Wednesday night by beating Borussia Dortmund 2-1. Jérôme Boateng made Bayern's early pressure count before Thomas Müller doubled the lead before half-time. The German record champions eased off in the second half and Andriy Yarmolenko pulled one back, but FCB survived a spell of Dortmund pressure in the closing stages and booked their place in the next round.

The Bavarians started with Sven Ulreich in goal and Joshua Kimmich, Boateng, Niklas Süle and David Alaba in a back four. Javi Martínez and Arturo Vidal anchored a midfield featuring Müller, James and Franck Ribéry, with Robert Lewandowski as the lone striker.

Jupp Heynckes made four changes to the XI that beat Stuttgart on Saturday. Mats Hummels, Rafinha, Corentin Tolisso and Kingsley Coman gave way to Süle, Alaba, Müller and Ribéry. Coman and Tolisso took over from Ribéry and James midway through the second half, Sebastian Rudy coming on for Martínez in the closing stages.

Impressive first half
The 75,000 capacity crowd at the Allianz Arena saw Bayern signal their intent from the off. Their relentless early pressure paid off when a James free-kick found Niklas Süle at the back stick. Netminder Roman Bürki directed his header onto the bar, but Süle's fellow centre-back Boateng was on hand to head home the opener. By that time, a Vidal header had crashed off the bar, James had seen an effort blocked, and Lewandowski had drawn a good save from Bürki. Bayern's possession and pressure strangled the Ruhr valley side in a scorching first quarter-hour.

The pace dropped considerably after that, but Bayern were still in control. The first time Dortmund's rapid transitions created danger was after the half-hour, when a Christian Pulisic cross evaded Alaba, but the Austrian atoned instantly, scrambling Yarmolenko's shot away to safety. Bayern soon replied, and crowned an impressive first half with a move of great quality. Müller and Lewandowski sliced through Dortmund's rearguard with a fine give-and-go, the native Bavarian finding the net with a world-class lob over Bürki.

Reds ease off
Proceedings were similar after the restart, Ribéry setting up James, who saw his effort denied by the on-form Bürki, who was called into action again when he saved a Müller header with his leg. But rejuvenated Borussia slowly but surely gained a grip on the contest as Bayern increasingly eased off, Shinji Kagawa miscuing a finish. Marcel Schmelzer tested Ulreich before Yarmolenko pulled one back with a header a quarter-hour from time.

The goal further galvanised Peter Stöger's troops. An André Schürrle effort fizzed wide and sub Alexander Isak's shot was deflected, before match official Sascha Stegemann blew for full-time after Ulreich proved equal to a Sokratis header.

Bayern head into 2018 sitting atop the Bundesliga and through to the Champions League last sixteen and the DFB Cup last eight. The Bavarians will learn the identity of their next cup opponents on 7 January, with the quarter-finals to be staged on 6 and 7 February. The Reds are back in Bundesliga action on 12 January, when they travel to face Bayer Leverkusen.