FC Bayern picked up where they left off before the international break, convincingly beating FC Augsburg 3-0 on Saturday to extend their lead at the top of the Bundesliga to six points. The Bavarians handed boss Jupp Heynckes his eighth victory in eight matches, shining in a game that had the names of Arturo Vidal and Robert Lewandowski stamped all over it. Vidal scored the opener on the half-hour before setting up Bayern's second, inviting Lewandowski to double the lead before half-time. The Pole rounded off a brace shortly after the break.

Bayern started with Sven Ulreich in goal and Joshua Kimmich, Niklas Süle, Mats Hummels and Rafinha in a back four. Javi Martínez and Vidal featured in a twin holding role behind James. The Colombian was flanked by Arjen Robben and Juan Bernat, who were looking to serve hitman Lewandowski.

Heynckes made three changes to the XI that saw off Borussia Dortmund two weeks ago. Rafinha, Vidal and comeback kid Bernat took over from David Alaba, Thiago and Kingsley Coman. The Bayern head coach will feel vindicated in his decision.

Arturo breaks the deadlock

The 75,000 capacity crowd at the Allianz Arena saw the German record champions go straight onto the front foot but struggle to overcome Augsburg's dogged defending at first. Süle fired over the crossbar before Hummels miscued a header, the visitors increasingly parking the bus. The contest opened up after 25 minutes but Caiuby's volley ended up in the south terrace.

The opener arrived on the half-hour, when the industrious Vidal got hold of the ball following a mix-up in the box before spinning and crashing home into the roof of the net. Ulreich was soon called into action, saving a fine Michael Gregoritsch effort before proving equal to a Kevin Danso header.

Vidal was once more the centre of attention a few minutes later, when the Chilean gained possession in the centre-circle. The midfielder excelled with pace, timing and a perfectly-weighted pass for Lewandowski to double Bayern's lead.

Bogeyman Lewy

The Poland captain all but closed out the meeting after the interval, connecting with Kimmich's pinpoint cross to tap in on the volley and take his tally against the Swabians to no fewer than 18 goals in 13 matches. Vidal almost scored a fourth but saw his header denied by the bar and Augsburg netminder Marwin Hitz.

Heynckes' troops were increasingly content to sit on their lead but were always closer to adding a fourth than the visitors to netting an away goal. Lewandowski drew a fine save from Hitz before a Robben curler went just wide. Heynckes shuffled his deck now, Alaba, Corentin Tolisso and Sebastian Rudy coming on for Bernat, Robben and Vidal, but with no further goals to come, match official Markus Schmidt put Augsburg out of their misery without added time.

The result takes Bayern onto 29 points from 12 matches, six clear of Leipzig, who were held to a draw by Leverkusen. The Reds are back in action on Wednesday when they travel to face Anderlecht in the Champions League, before crossing swords with Gladbach next Saturday.