Corentin Tolisso set up one goal and scored another to give Bayern Munich a 2-1 win over Anderlecht on Wednesday in Group B of the Champions League.

After a lethargic first half, Bayern -- who had already advanced to the last 16 -- went ahead in the 51st minute with a lightning attack that left Robert Lewandowski with a simple tap in after Tolisso's assist.

Anderlecht scored their first goal in the Champions League campaign when Sofiane Hanni latched onto a header from Lukasz Teodorczyk and slotted home from close range in the 63rd.

Tolisso turned finisher in the 77th when he headed home a cross from the right. Still, it was a flattering win for Bayern, who were sleepwalking through much of the game against a mediocre opponent.

"We cannot be happy with this," Bayern defender Jerome Boateng said. "It was our worst game in a long time."

The result kept the German champions in second place, three points behind Paris Saint-Germain who pounded Celtic 7-1 in the other group game. Bayern still have an outside chance to win the group if they can overturn a 3-0 defeat by PSG earlier in the campaign, when the two sides meet again in the final game on Dec. 5.

Bayern got some bad news just after halftime when Arjen Robben asked to be replaced following a rash tackle from Uros Spajic that left him clutching his thigh with an apparent muscle injury.

Anderlecht came into the game without a single point or a goal. Even so, forward Teodorczyk had three clear chances in the first half hour.

Bayern were more lethal in the second half.

FC Bayern beat RSC Anderlecht 2-1 on Wednesday evening, handing boss Jupp Heynckes his ninth win in nine matches. Robert Lewandowski put the Bavarians in front after the interval, Sofiane Hanni levelling the scores in a highly entertaining contest before Corentin Tolisso sealed the final scoreline which, on another day, could have easily been 4-3.

Bayern lined up with Sven Ulreich in goal and Joshua Kimmich, Jérôme Boateng, Niklas Süle and Marco Friedl in a back four. Sebastian Rudy, Arturo Vidal and Tolisso took up station in midfield, with Arjen Robben, Lewandowski and Thiago featuring in a potent attacking trident.

Jupp Heynckes shuffled his deck, making five changes to the team that saw off Augsburg on Saturday. Youngster Friedl, who made his starting debut, Boateng, Rudy, Tolisso and Thiago took over from Mats Hummels, Rafinha, Javi Martínez, Juan Bernat and James.

The Colombian was called into action before half-time, when Thiago sustained a problem and had to be replaced. Martínez took over from Robben shortly after the interval, Hummels coming on for Vidal in the closing stages.

Anderlecht spring a surprise - Ulreich shines

The 20,000 crowd at the Constant Vanden Stock Stadium saw an entertaining, up-tempo contest, the attack-minded home side pressing very high up the field. The night almost began with a shock for the German record champions, when Boateng gifted possession away, Ulreich making a fine save to deny the onrushing Lukasz Teodorczyk.

Bayern's netminder was soon called into action again, saving from Dennis Appiah. Midway through the first half Anderlecht did beat Ulreich, and Bayern had to thank Lady Luck as Uros Spajic' header somehow went wide. A Lewandowski effort was blocked, and another fine save from Ulriech against Teodroczyk meant the contest remained goalless at half-time.

Clinical Lewy and Corentin reward Reds

Whatever Jupp Heynckes told his men at half-time, it worked. The Reds shone with crisp passing and pace after the interval, Lewandowski tapping in after a highly perceptive Tolisso pass. The Poland international miscued another finish before Anderlecht's Hanni levelled the scores following a mix-up in the Bayern box. Martínez glanced two headers wide before Vidal skied an effort, but Tolisso connected with a pinpoint Kimmich cross to head home the winner with a quarter-hour to go. Anderlecht keeper Matz Sels made two strong saves to deny Lewandowski and Tolisso before match official Anthony Taylor blew for full-time.

The victory takes Bayern onto ten points from five matches, lying second in Group B, three short of Paris St Germain, who downed Celtic 7-1. The Bavarians are back in action on Saturday, when they travel to face Gladbach in the Bundesliga. Bayern will cross swords with PSG in the top clash of Group B on 5 December.