FC Bayern were held to a goalless draw by Sevilla on Wednesday night but advanced to the Champions League last four thanks to their 2-1 victory in the first leg. The Bavarians dominated the match over long spells but were unlucky in front of goal.

The German record champions started with Sven Ulreich in goal and Joshua Kimmich, Jérôme Boateng, Mats Hummels and Rafinha in a back four. Javi Martínez filled the holding role behind Arjen Robben, Thomas Müller, James and Franck Ribéry, with Robert Lewandowski as an orthodox centre-forward.

Jupp Heynckes made five changes to the XI that saw off Ausgburg on Saturday. Boateng, Martínez, Müller, Ribéry and Lewandowski took over from Niklas Süle, Juan Bernat, Thiago, Arturo Vidal and Sandro Wagner. Thiago, Wagner and Süle replaced Ribéry, Lewandowski and Rafinha late in the contest.

No reward
The 70,000 capacity crowd at the Allianz Arena saw the hosts in the driving seat. Barely one minute had been played when the charging Lewandowski was felled outside Sevilla's box, James curling the ensuing free-kick inches over the bar. Robben miscued from 25 yards before Lewandowski drew a fine save from netminder David Soria. The visitors got a toehold in the contest now, Pablo Sarabia skying an effort before Joaquin Correa almost beat Ulreich to a loose ball.

The pace dropped significantly after an entertaining first quarter-hour, the contest turning into a dour midfield struggle. Bayern picked up pace after the half-hour, Hummels firing just over the bar from the corner of the box. Soria proved equal to Ribéry's 15-yarder, Robben rifling over the bar before Clement Lenglet prevented a Ribéry tap in, but a goal somehow refused to come, and match official William Collum blew for half-time.

No goals but Reds go through
The second half started as the first one ended, Lewandowski's header hitting the side-netting from a Rafinha cross. Müller warmed Soria's gloves, but Sevilla soon showed they had not gone absent without leave, Correa's header crashing off the crossbar.

James tested Soria before Robben hit the side-netting. The Dutchman was ruled offside when Bayern staged a counter. Sevilla upped the pace in the closing stages, Correa earning his marching orders for a horrible tackle on Javi Martínez. With no further chances to come, Collum blew for full-time, Bayern winning 2-1 on aggregate.

The Reds are back in action in just three days, when they entertain Borussia Mönchengladbach in the Bundesliga before travelling to face Leverkusen in the DFB Cup last four next Tuesday. Bayern will learn the identity of their Champions League semi-final opponents on Friday at lunchtime.