Goal! Fortuna Düsseldorf 1, FC Ingolstadt 04 0. Rouwen Hennings (Fortuna Düsseldorf) left footed shot from the centre of the box to the centre of the goal. Assisted by Genki Haraguchi following a set piece situation.
Attempt saved. Florian Neuhaus (Fortuna Düsseldorf) right footed shot from more than 35 yards is saved in the centre of the goal. Assisted by Marcel Sobottka.
Attempt saved. Marvin Matip (FC Ingolstadt 04) header from the right side of the six yard box is saved in the bottom left corner.
Attempt blocked. Marcel Sobottka (Fortuna Düsseldorf) right footed shot from the centre of the box is blocked. Assisted by Julian Schauerte.
Attempt saved. Sonny Kittel (FC Ingolstadt 04) left footed shot from outside the box is saved in the bottom left corner. Assisted by Tobias Levels.
Attempt missed. Thomas Pledl (FC Ingolstadt 04) header from the centre of the box is just a bit too high. Assisted by Sonny Kittel with a cross.
Goal! Fortuna Düsseldorf 2, FC Ingolstadt 04 0. Niko Gießelmann (Fortuna Düsseldorf) header from the centre of the box to the bottom left corner. Assisted by Takashi Usami with a cross following a corner.
Attempt missed. Niko Gießelmann (Fortuna Düsseldorf) left footed shot from more than 40 yards on the left wing is close, but misses the top left corner from a direct free kick.
Attempt missed. Robert Leipertz (FC Ingolstadt 04) right footed shot from the right side of the six yard box misses to the right. Assisted by Stefan Kutschke with a cross.
Attempt saved. Genki Haraguchi (Fortuna Düsseldorf) right footed shot from the centre of the box is saved in the centre of the goal. Assisted by Marcel Sobottka.
Adam Bodzek (Fortuna Düsseldorf) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul.
Attempt missed. Rouwen Hennings (Fortuna Düsseldorf) right footed shot from the centre of the box misses to the right. Assisted by Genki Haraguchi following a fast break.
Attempt missed. Kaan Ayhan (Fortuna Düsseldorf) right footed shot from outside the box is close, but misses to the left from a direct free kick.
Attempt blocked. Florian Neuhaus (Fortuna Düsseldorf) right footed shot from outside the box is blocked. Assisted by Rouwen Hennings.
Niko Gießelmann (Fortuna Düsseldorf) hits the right post with a header from the centre of the box. Assisted by Takashi Usami with a cross following a corner.
Goal! Fortuna Düsseldorf 3, FC Ingolstadt 04 0. Robin Bormuth (Fortuna Düsseldorf) right footed shot from very close range to the centre of the goal following a corner.
Attempt saved. Genki Haraguchi (Fortuna Düsseldorf) left footed shot from the centre of the box is saved in the bottom left corner. Assisted by Adam Bodzek.
Attempt missed. Florian Neuhaus (Fortuna Düsseldorf) right footed shot from more than 35 yards is high and wide to the right. Assisted by Niko Gießelmann.
Attempt blocked. Julian Schauerte (Fortuna Düsseldorf) left footed shot from the centre of the box is blocked. Assisted by Takashi Usami.
Attempt saved. Niko Gießelmann (Fortuna Düsseldorf) right footed shot from a difficult angle and long range on the left is saved in the centre of the goal. Assisted by Julian Schauerte.
Attempt blocked. Darío Lezcano (FC Ingolstadt 04) right footed shot from the centre of the box is blocked. Assisted by Sonny Kittel with a through ball.
Attempt saved. Stefan Kutschke (FC Ingolstadt 04) right footed shot from the centre of the box is saved in the bottom right corner.
Offside, Fortuna Düsseldorf. Genki Haraguchi tries a through ball, but Julian Schauerte is caught offside.
Substitution, Fortuna Düsseldorf. Håvard Nielsen replaces Florian Neuhaus.